Rumor has it that the bird phoenix
Nirvana on the plane tree on the top of Kunlun
The plane tree passes through the green chain
The trees are dark and fragrant
Proprioceptive medicine
Cure all diseases
It's just a legend
It's all a trick
You don't all believe it, do you?
How could a countryman possess such a treasure?
ancient
Let me explain.
You are mistaken.
Fart out the theme of Longhua Pharmaceutical Alliance
If even Nuo Fengwu Tongmuzi can't understand
Then my eyes are also white, so I will pull them down.
We have tripled the sponsorship fee of Longhua Pharmaceutical
You can also not get a point.
Here it is.
Are you threatening me?
The Jiang family threatened face to face
Hundreds of Unapproved Auctions
Pat pat pat what pat
Get out of here
Want to take the city hibiscus tomb
Prepare me to die
That means really good
everyone
Have you figured out what materialistic nonsense
There is a pie, there is a pie directly
Hahaha what the hell are you laughing at?
I laugh at you looking defeated
Hey, this kind of rare thing in a hundred years
How can I get him to stay?
The old man will marry 100 million without pulling down
You are aware of the triple donation of my Jiang family
Your whole family is against me
Master Jiang's failure is like a tomb
The tomb is the ultimate dream of the world's healers
If it can be refined into medicine
You can help the people
immortalize
Things of immeasurable merit
Do you think this old man will do it again?
Billions of silver coins?